This French bistro specializes in different kinds of fish and seafood. In addition, crêpe offers sweet and savory flavours. The shop design features ocean theme paintings to create an arty vibe.

This Western-style restaurant grows hydroponic vegetables on its own. You can enjoy meals under a flower theme design which is elegant and IG-able.

It serves Western-style dishes with exquisite plating that are colorful. The European style design with blue color brings you a comfy and casual dining environment.

Helmed by Mexican chef Eligio Escobedo, Verde MAR offers authentic, healthy and delicious Mexican food. Vegan Menu is also available.

The restaurant is spacious with colorful decoration. It focuses on Spanish Tapas, and combined with quality ingredients from various regions. We can find innovative elements on the traditional Tapas. For example Waygu Beef & Foie Gras Air Baguette, Fried Baby Squids Sandwiches with Chipotle Mayo.

The wooden design brings you a casual dining vibe and the seating areas are roomy. It offers Western-Japanese dishes. Pairing with house blend coffee which is mixed by the local coffee roaster is highly recommended.

It is a branch of Fast Gourmet and merged the slow cook with Thailand cuisines. It injected hot soup into their crispy croissant.

You can enjoy the fun of food stalls indoors. The decoration and posters all use food stall styles. The food is also very nostalgic. It offers the modern dai-pai-dong dishes, such as fried truffle squid fish cake.

Enso is a Japanese Yakitori restaurant located at New Praya Kennedy Town which is next to the waterfront of Saiwan. A boutique restaurant with stylish design and chill vibes. The resto is divided into a bar area and a box seat area. Diners at the bar seats allow you to watch our chefs prepare up-close while you enjoy your meal, and the friendly team of staff offer curated food recommendations. Enso specialises in different parts of chicken skewers, most of the ingredients are shipped by air from Japan to Hong Kong. They offer a wide range of high quality grilled dishes such as Minced chicken Stick, Red Satsuma Chicken Wing, Chicken Neck, Chicken Tail, Beef Tongue, Wagyu Beef, Grilled Lamb Rack, and accompanied with the specially designed mock tails. Enso is definitely worth a visit!

It offers Sichuan dishes with the choice of vegetarian food. You can choose for the level of spicy, even no spicy. Pickled fish and Sichuan pork are highly recommended.

The hot pot restaurant is comfortable with old Hong Kong style decor. Provide variety of homemade soup base, premium beef, seafood, sashimi or special cocktails for choosing.

A neighbourhood Italian restaurant serving up big flavours on small plates for those that wish to combine fun and homely ambience with authentic cooking

The Taiwanese owners strive to bring the traditional Taiwanese night market street food culture to Hong Kong.

It is a popular IG-able restaurant. The interior design features a retro luxury style like the old store. The fusion dishes are inspired by Thai, Vietnam and Western flavours to bring you a special dining experience.

French bistro that brings genuine respect for French traditions, such as beef bourguignon and the slow-roasted rabbit.

This nostalgic cafe features a variety of milkshakes and sandwiches.

This Guangdong restaurant is opened by Chef Dai, who is the real-life master chef of the movie ‘God of Cookery’,. It serves traditional Guangdong cuisine, dim sum and siu mei. It's signature dish ‘Meal God Imperial Fried Rice’ is very popular.

It aims at providing creative and delicious dishes. The chef uses fresh ingredients to serve Sichuan dishes, chicken pots and skewers at reasonable prices. The shop design is simple and offers a lot of seats, which is suitable for friends gathering.

Mainly serve authentic Mexico food. Some of the seasonings came from Mexico and LA to Hong Kong. The restaurant originally comes from  State of California and the owner has gone to be on TV and to be regarded as Taco King.

The shop is designed in simple style with yellow and blue colors. You may enjoy the signature authentic British beer-battered fish & chips under a casual vibe. It uses high quality fishes from local markets and other countries which taste nice.

It is spacious and feels like you are in foreign country. It offers a series of healthy and vegetarian food.

The restaurant is decorated in blue, giving us the feel of an island resort. All dishes are made with Canadian Boston lobster, the prices are reasonable and the food is high quality.

The soup base of the signature tonkotsu ramen is cooked with a lot of pork bones and serves several flavours, sometimes offering seasonal items. The shop features wood to create a casual Japanese restaurant vibe.

It provides hot pot all you can eat, with several choices of sets. You are feeling free to get the seafood, beef, grilled food, fried food, ice cream and drink.

This restaurant serves Taiwanese hot pot in an all-you-can-eat style without any time limit. It offers many kinds of Taiwanese soup bases that are good to pair with high quality beef and pork. Besides, many kinds of ingredients and drinks are also provided. The interior design is simple and it is decorated with white colour and wood.

This skewer restaurant mainly serves local and Sichuan flavours. If offers a lot of meat, seafood, etc., that are made to order. It is good to enjoy at dinner time and late-night.

The exotic Mexican restaurant offers a new style of Mexican cuisine, with spicy ground beef tacos that are very flavorful and generous, with the right mix of ingredients and layers of flavor and texture.

The French toast is not the same as usual. The sauce will be flowing out once you cut the toast. You can choose from the flavor of custard, sesame and taro. Toast with sesame shrimp is another recommended choice.

Woolly Pig Hong Kong has partnered with craft brewers Gweilo to open GRAIN. It is a hybrid gastropub restaurant and craft beer ‘Brewlab’ in Kennedy Town.

Po Kee roasted duck and goose are their signatures, leg part is their best and the juiciness and meatiness will let you know the real flavor of duck.

A café and bar features single-origin coffee and single malt whisky, with different themes in different times. Single-origin coffee and light meals are served before 6pm, and coffee brewing method is by your choice. Single malt whisky and dinner are served after 6pm.

This is a rare Xinjiang food restaurant in Hong Kong. The boss is from Xinjiang and many of the ingredients are imported from Xinjiang too. As the food of Northern people are lamb and noodles, almost dishes containing lamb.

It was voted Hong Kong's Best British Restaurant in the LOOP's 30 Best Eats Awards. It serves British dishes in creative and traditional flavours. You can enjoy meals under an art theme interior design which is inspired by the art zone “Shoreditch” in England.

This Thai restaurant uses colourful ethnic style floor decking for decoration to create an enthusiastic vibe. The shop name means ‘very spicy and delicious’ in Thai pronunciation and the taste of dishes also follows this meaning to serve a lot of spicy items.

The boss comes from Kaohsiung and the restaurant offers a variety of authentic Taiwanese snacks and main dishes.

An Izakaya located in Sai Ying Pun, decorated in Japanese Izakaya style. It offers sushi, sashimi and Udon with reasonable prices. You can choose your own sushi set here too.

This dessert shop specializes in Japanese matcha and uses the top quality products from Marukyu-Koyamaen in Kyoto. It serves homemade matcha wasabi mochi, jelly and parfait etc. Western desserts such as souffle and lava cake can also be ordered.

The restaurant specializes in beef hot pot, and offers beef from different regions and different parts, such as Australia, Japan, local and so on. It also provides many rare parts, including neck meat and brisket.

It mainly provides Xiang cuisine. The head chef is from Hunan. Almost food in the menu is in red and spicy, but they also offer some non-spicy food.

Arabica is a little coffee shop mainly serves four types of coffee, espresso, Macchiato, Latte and Americano. Each cup of coffee is decorated with beautiful Latte Art inspired from Japan.

The simple Japanese wooden design and open kitchen brings you a casual dining vibe. The Japanese skewers are served with different types of meat, seafood and vegetables, which are good to pair with sake.

It locates in a little corridor in Western District. It mainly offers burgers and chips, in some of the time, you may enjoy all-you-can-eat of chips.

The interior design of restaurant is simple and fresh, and its idea is to encourage the pursuit of dreams. Therefore, there are many encouraging quotes in the restaurant. All-day breakfast, cake and coffee are available, and the cake is different in daily style.

Comptoir – serving fine French wines and traditional Mediterranean “tapas” – is the latest must-try addition to Kennedy Town’s buzzing and expanding culinary landscape. Located in the up-and-coming Forbes Street, just a hop, skip and jump from the new MTR station, Comptoir is now open for all-day dining, drinks and weekend brunch.

This brand was founded in 2015. This branch combines premium butcher, grocer and British restaurant concepts. It aims at providing high quality ingredients that are directly imported from farmers. Besides, meat items which are free of hormones, free of antibiotics, and free of growth stimulants.

The restaurant specializes in traditional French cuisine. It offers afternoon set, all-day breakfast, set meals for four and more. The restaurant is cozy and suitable for a date and large gathering.

Offers a wide selection of cuisine with an Asian accent in breakfasts, lunch and dinner buffets. Fresh seafood, scrumptious appetizers and hotplates are continuously provided on buffet tables. Equipped with open kitchen for enjoying the dynamic cooking and fostering interaction between chefs and diners.

The restaurant's blue color scheme, with its wooden décor and cute wall murals, is reminiscent of a vacation and a sense of relaxation. The restaurant offers a variety of international dishes, such as the innovative Wellington lamb and Thai-style pork cheek.

This restaurant brand was founded in 1999 and was recommended by Michelin Guide. You can enjoy Thai dishes, which are prepared by Thai chefs using ingredients from Thailand, under a relaxing vibe.

The restaurant specializes in authentic Sichuan cuisine. The pickled fish and spicy dried hot pot are the most popular dishes. It uses 20 months' Yunnan sauerkraut, Sichuan sauerkraut and Guangdong salty sauerkraut to serve pickled fish, which has a wonderful smell and taste.

This restaurant brought the traditional flavour of Malaysia and Singapore to Hong Kong, you will able to find a wide variety of Southeast Asian food in Café Malacca.

The aim of this restaurant is slow living. It mainly serves Western-style dishes with Texas flavor, and specializes in slow cooked meat items and Texas smoked dishes.

Mirror Burger aims at providing burgers with a balanced diet theme. The beef patty is served with 100% American beef. Besides, it offers veggie patty. The signature burgers include Classic Beef Burger, Spicy Beef Burger, Spicy Veggie Burger and J. Soft Shell Crab Burger.

This Egyptian restaurant has more than 20 seats. You can find large Egyptian-inspired murals in the restaurant. The boss and chef are native-born Egyptians, only using Egyptian beans for dishes, such as chickpeas, peas, etc. It also provides homemade Pita bread.

Combined with nostalgic Hong Kong elements and modern stylish design; in addition to the food selections provided by traditional local cafe plus a variety of innovative dishes made of the Trappist Dairy products, which allowing the younger generation get to know more about the traditional brand and leading customers to a creative catering experience..

This restaurant is decorated with Japanese paper umbrellas and Marvel’s figures, which is very IG-able. It offers summer and winter menus with seasonal ingredients. You can enjoy Japanese and Western dishes with alcoholic beverages under a relaxing vibe.

This Italian pizza restaurant imports ingredients from Italy. The homemade dough and tomato sauce are very fresh. It also provides pasta and dessert.

0

This Japanese Izakaya is established by Sean Mell, the former chef of  Nobu. It is decorated in a playful Japanese style. The menu is a mix of Western and Japanese styles. Specially recommend the signature Wagyu beef sandwich, the Hokkaido milk bread with M6 or M7 Wagyu beef, which is very tasty.

This restaurant is near MTR station. It serves Japanese dishes such as skewers, teppanyaki and sashimi. The wall is decorated with the cat shop manager's photos. It is suitable for family, couples and friends gathering.

The decoration is simple and the lighting is dim. It serves a series of Thai soup, salad, seafood, grilled food, curry and meats, etc., in a large proportion. The cost performance ratio is relatively high.

The Australian restaurant specializes in brunch. It uses fresh ingredients such as organic eggs.

The restaurant specializes in authentic Sichuan cuisine. The pickled fish and spicy dried hot pot are the most popular dishes. It uses 20 months' Yunnan sauerkraut, Sichuan sauerkraut and Guangdong salty sauerkraut to serve pickled fish, which has a wonderful smell and taste.

The restaurant adopts a semi-open design with a spacious environment. It mainly serves Western food and is very suitable for dinner with couples.

A steakhouse decorated in an industrial style, with a semi-outdoor area, offering a variety of Western cuisines, such as steak meals, pasta, salads, etc. It is a pet-friendly restaurant, diners are welcome to enjoy the food with their pets together.

This restaurant is operated by a family and is designed with cement walls. It aims at providing wonderful taste and smell dishes. The Western-style dishes provide vegetarian options.

The original shop name is Xiao Yu Hotpot Restaurant. It still serves the signature Jiugongge spicy hot pot. This shop design is simple and comfy.

It provides Thai cuisine and it use bamboo tube to serve the sticky rice which is so surprised. There is a semi-opened kitchen.

This Italian pizza restaurant imports ingredients from Italy. The homemade dough and tomato sauce are very fresh. It also provides pasta and dessert.

A local neighbourhood Italian Pizzeria and Ristorante. Located in a quirky basement at 49 Bonham Road. A one minute walk from the top of the Sai Ying Pun escalator & SYP MTR exit C.

It is a Michelin recommended Chinese restaurant and specializes in Hunan cuisine. It uses ingredients imported from Hunan to serve traditional flavor. The Chinese design is grand and it provides VIP rooms.

It is a restaurant in a small scale but in a warm atmosphere. It offers international cuisine, such as Roasted French Chicken, Grilled Octopus and Tuna Tataki.

There are many choices for grilled food and sake. The boss studied in Japan and loves sake a lot, and the entire selection in the restaurant is imported from Niigata directly, which is rare in Hong Kong.

This Mediterranean restaurant features blue colour and it is near the waterfront. You can enjoy dishes with exquisite plating under a sea view and sunset, which is a relaxing and romantic place for couples dating.

The design of this branch is simple and stylish. It mainly serves skewers, and offers different hot items and sashimi, which are good to pair with special drinks and alcoholic beverages.

This local steakhouse brand is founded in 1963 and offers dishes with reasonable prices. It mainly serves steak with different parts of beef and also provides Western-style dishes.

The Praya is a premium casual neo-Chinese restaurant at the heart of Shek Tong Tsui that pairs subtle Chinese elements with modern aesthetics. At The Praya, you’ll find a menu full of Chinese culinary techniques presented in a contemporary style that makes it easy to fall in love with our food.Inspired by the 1960s Bauhaus design in Hong Kong, The Praya creates a premium, functional and contemporary dinning hotspot. The restaurant incorporates many classic Hong Kong design elements and building materials, such as terrazzo and mosaic tiles, and the black lines of the Central Market. The interior design coincides with the concept of the restaurant, which is a combination of Chinese elements and modern aesthetics from ancient times to contemporary times.

The shop name ‘Baan’ means home in Thailand and the wall painting is also designed with the Thailand pattern. It offers traditional Thai dishes which are made by the Thai chef.

An Indian and Nepalese restaurants located in the west of Queen’s Road with reasonably priced and offer authentic dishes such as variety of Papadum and curry. And the menu is divided into vegetarian and non-vegetarian set menus, which is very considerate.

Traditional Asian subcontinental flavours, served up with a dash of culinary innovation.

The restaurant has a spacious environment and adequate seats. It specializes in exquisite Cantonese cuisine. The ingredients are exquisite, and the dishes are relatively rare, such as Steamed Chicken with Vegetables and Stewed Eel with Roasted Pork. The restaurant offers business sets that available for office workers nearby.

The restaurant is laid-back and stylish, with outdoor dining seats, and pets are welcome. It specializes in multi-national dishes and offers various types of steak. The restaurant is suitable for gatherings and birthday parties.

The owner uses pearl sugar to make the homemade Belgian liege waffle every day; some Western dishes and snacks are also provided. The indoor interior design is homey theme and outdoor settings bring you a camping vibe.

This traditional French restaurant is inspired by the iconic metro station in Paris. The French chef cooks authentic cuisine using ingredients mostly imported from France. The metro map painted on the wall and the retro clock creates an nice and relaxing ambiance of Paris to customers.

This brand is founded in 2015 with simple decoration. It serves Vietnamese dishes such as noodles, sandwiches and snacks. It is suitable for family and friends gathering.

